When I learned I was invited to work for a few weeks on the upcoming construction projects,
I was thrilled by their excitement, quickly turning to anxiety because of what I had to
do.
I pray to Jehovah for weeks to give me the strength to have the conversation with my employer.
So I wanted to first of all say thank you for taking it.
I began to explain about a construction project and how it had been invited to volunteer.
So you want time off during the busiest time of our year?
Well yes.
It's your choice but under no circumstances will uphold your position.
Suddenly this beautiful privilege felt like a huge risk.
Was I making my life more complicated by doing this?
I read the account about the people in Nehemiah's day.
Their will in spirit demonstrated faith and Jerusalem's walls were built by people who put their heart into the work.
I didn't want to miss out on the opportunity to serve Jehovah in that way.
This is my resignation letter.
I had to have faith that Jehovah would bless my decision.
I'm not sure what the future holds when I get back but I know Jehovah will take care of me.
For now I'm going to focus on putting my heart into the work.